const int red = 13;         // assigning pin number 13 for Red
const int green = 12;       // assigning pin number 12 for Green
const int blue = 7;        // assigning pin number 7 for Blue

void setup() {
  // put your setup code here, to run once:
pinMode(red,OUTPUT);
pinMode(green,OUTPUT);
pinMode(blue, OUTPUT);
}

void loop() {
  // put your main code here, to run repeatedly:
digitalWrite(red, HIGH);      // sets the Red LED on
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
digitalWrite(red, LOW);       // sets the Red LED off
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
digitalWrite(green, HIGH);    // sets the Green LED on
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
digitalWrite(green, LOW);     // sets the Green LED off
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
digitalWrite(blue, HIGH);     // sets the Blue LED on
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
digitalWrite(blue, LOW);      // sets the  Blue LED off
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
digitalWrite(red, HIGH);      // sets the Red LED on
digitalWrite(green, HIGH);    // sets the Green LED on
digitalWrite(blue, HIGH);     // sets the Blue LED on
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second  
digitalWrite(red, LOW);       // sets the Red LED off
digitalWrite(green, LOW);     // sets the Green LED off
digitalWrite(blue, LOW);      // sets the Blue LED off
delay(1000);                  // waits for a second
}
